Spanish television once again sweeps the
ratings thanks to the Grand Prix in turn
Telecinco is sinking further and further and
journalist Alberto Menek
comments on it the sentence that would condemn
Rocío Carrasco for non-payment of child support to
her son is leaked a click that would
clarify the entire conflict that the
Mohedano family has over
Rocío Jurado's inheritance goes viral on social media Rosa Villacachin gives her opinion
on Sálvame and its ending Oscar Tarruela
finally releases his video with the
predictions regarding the
Netflix documentary on the Mario Biondo case Alejandra
Rubio talks about her cousin news in
the Dani Alves case and Elena Tablada they
hire a private detective to follow
Javier Hungría everything done and much more
here on your favorite gossip channel on
this program The lollipop that's happening my
lordship how are you I hope you are
having a spectacular Wednesday
front page Wednesday remember that
tonight we are live with Marina Anal
and we will be commenting on all the bombs
that are coming out And look, it seems that
summer is the quietest time that
we often lack topics and that we do not
know in many  occasions to comment
but this summer the truth is that it is being
quite intense in fact I am going
back next week to
take a break and I intend
to disconnect more or less and I do not know if it
will be possible we will see on the other
holidays of course I was connected
as if I were here in my studio
but there and in this one well we will see
remind you all that if you like this
type of content it is a program The
lollipop that I upload every morning
where I keep you informed of all the
news quickly and I tell you all
the gossip about celebrities and
television show me by leaving me
your like your subscription and all that
stuff Well in fact the like is
mandatory it is a rule that I have
put on the channel and it is completely
mandatory that you press the like button
because if not the video looks very bad it
looks terrible it looks like a Nokia And of
course also subscribe by activating the
bell to find out about each video
that I upload more or less I try to upload This
video every day at the same time with
the summary of all the news so
that you are informed and  I'll accompany you to
breakfast But anyway if one day I
forget Forgive me, my life, maricarmen
Forgive me Now let's stop with the
nonsense, get comfortable and get down to business
[Music]
First of all, I think I'm a person
who recognizes their mistakes and I have to
admit one I was wrong I'm
very sorry it won't happen again or well,
surely Yes, it will happen because I'm a
big mouth look, I thought that the Grand
Prix this season wasn't going to
work so much, I didn't expect
ruin either, but neither did the success that it's
having And in the second program
of this summer edition it once again
sweeps Spanish television with
25% of Shane almost 2 and a half million
viewers on average tuned in to
watch this program and enjoy the summer
with them I swear I thought
this wasn't going to work because many
times we have that nostalgia factor
and we order things and then we
consume them but on this occasion Although there
are things and criticisms because people
have some little thing that they don't like Like
for example the thing with Cristinini in the
window  2.0 the program is being a
success congratulations however we cannot
say the same about mediaset since
sálvame was shotgunned yes it is
true and we have to allow that the
audiences are plummeting and
well the new directors In my
opinion I think they do not understand much about
television because they are releasing
programs that are a little strange and they do not hit
the key to please the public I think
that this is going to be solved a little
with the Big Brother issue because Big
Brother can be a program that
can captivate we will see what happens
because lately they are not on a roll
the 2023 2024 season is going to start with
many, many, many challenges
ahead some British okay
let's analyze those audiences for this
month of July that are historic as you
will see and those three four big
headlines there are three devastating ones and another
fourth headline that have mediaset
as the negative protagonist that have
mediaset between a rock and a hard place as you will
see the first is in the news
itself the first big headline and that is that
mediaset or telecinco in this case  it has
been the third option has fallen to the
third option in the
month of July month of July that is to say Not
only does it not reduce the distance, which as you will
see has increased with its
main competitor until now,
which was Antena 3, but it also loses
second place to the detriment of
Spanish television's number 1 in fact the
audiences are as follows
Antena 3 among these three at the moment
among these three channels Antena 3
12.9 average screen
all all the channels are down compared to the
previous month we are in the
holiday season and as you know there are a lot of there are
a lot of people who are already on
holiday, not 12.9 for Antena 3 the
second option is Spanish television's number 1
with 9.9 and 6.00s
six.00s behind is Telecinco okay
So the first big
devastating headline for Mediaset, in this case
also for Telecinco, is that in this
month of July the worst
fears are coming true we were already warning about this from here
a few minutes before I started
last night's live broadcast It was confirmed what
could be the news of the year not
only It was confirmed what could be the
news of the year but also
the exclusive that we saw here on
telesalseo was confirmed Marina Hernán revealed to us
that the trial for non-payment of alimony
that had been previously suspended
by Rocío Carrasco against her son David
Flores would have taken place this Thursday the
28th many are the voices that have wanted to
deny this information because potato
or rather but literally because potato they
were basing themselves on the fact that the media did not
echo it Amador Mohedano saying
that since it is summer Well we invented
news to get visitors and
literally we were very sure not
only were we very sure but we
had a lot more information on
this subject but we did not want to go
into detail because we wanted to respect
we understand that this is a very
painful subject and although we have to give the
news Because that is what our
work is about I am completely with
Antonio David On this issue and with his entire
family and he is respecting not to give much
hype to the subject until there is a
sentence Well me too, removing the
fact that I have to give some headline
if I find out about this move but
we were very sure of the headline very
hyper mega I will surely be waiting for the
apologies of all those people who
have insulted us during  48 hours
completely inventing that it was a
hoax spoiler they are not going to do it because they
are only envious and angry And that
is what keeps many
people alive not only would the
news that the trial has taken place be confirmed
but apparently the
sentence has been leaked before the
family itself has it I have tried to
contrast this information but
the family does not have the sentence yet
if a sentence has been issued Tomorrow
during the day or today during the day
today Wednesday during the day they will
receive it at some point
I surely believe I imagine that during the day
today we will be able to have the information if we do
n't have it they will surely give it
on the Antonio David Channel or on
the Right to the Heart Channel So we
will be waiting for a judge to sentence
Rocío Carrasco for not paying child support to
her good according to what they tell me
this would have to be confirmed when
we have the full ruling it would reflect
that Rocío Carrasco has not only
not paid child support but also has not
paid the child's medical insurance she
will have to pay the 13,200 euros that she
owes her and a fine of 900 euros  more
but she avoids going to jail
well the thing about her avoiding going to
jail this was already known from the
beginning the other party was
asking for a year in prison let's say that if it were
served that they wouldn't have sentenced a
year in prison obviously she wouldn't
get in for a year plus the two years would have
expired and that's it but they haven't
sentenced her only to a fine by the way
coincidences of life Today
a clip has gone viral on social media and
everyone is sharing it it's an
extract from sálvame in which María
Patiño appears and this extract in particular would
clarify and shed light on many of the
doubts that people have about this
conflict that exists between the parties
due to the inheritance of Rocío
Jurado because when Rocío left there was
a very important debt that your
daughter Rocío Carrasco paid when she sold the
house in La Moraleja nobody wanted to
face that debt Gloria Camila and since your
mother was very smart and saw that your father
decided to keep the Empire that
cost him a million and a half and that your mother
invested three and that she sold for six
when she sold Hierbabuena she said I already
leave the inheritance to my children Gloria and
José Fernando  and that debt that was
left there when he put that clause that
the house in La Moraleja has to be
sold in less than 2 years is because he was
aware of the liquidity that was left and he
told my daughter the universal heir
that it is being sold before 2 years because
this debt is going to have to be paid And that
debt is paid in full by Rocío Carrasco
nobody puts up a single penny but you should know
that your mother left you and
your brother an inheritance a lot of money and not just the
million that each of you are entitled to from La
Moraleja and that when she asked
your father for money who had a
life project and the camaba Don't ask me why he
said no anyway move I have
several videos on this subject you can
search for them and tell me what you think our
dear Rosa villacachina wanted to give her
opinion in a bit called
purgatory on the closure of Sálvame and
the new programs of Ana Rosa
Quintana
Although Jorge Javier is quite And well,
the president of the Borja
Prado chain, logically he goes where he
goes, not to the right, he is not going to go
neither by the socialists nor by the others
So I think they are interested in having
that part of the afternoon, which is very important,
fairly covered in politics,
covered so that it suits them.
I do not really agree with what
our dear Rosa is saying.
She talks a bit almost about a
conspiracy, no, and that they are almost like
preparations for. Well, to have
the media controlled, not by
the right, and that way to benefit the
votes, maybe not. For example, I do not
know what you all think. Oscar Tarruela, the
judicial expert for the Biondo family, who
was with us last week in
that special we did on the case, I
recommend that you watch it. Okay, I will be
putting it here on the screen. I will be
leaving it here if I do not forget. He has
already released his video with his predictions
of what he believes the Netflix documentary will be about
and where the
shots will go. Raquel Sánchez Silva was the one who
played the choking games. The
Palermo court managed to contact
the trafficker who said he had known
Raquel for years and that he knew
Mario Biondo because she introduced him. They
hid from us that the
Netflix documentary is produced  by
Raquel's manager so that we would record without
knowing it they are going to sell it as a
smokescreen so that the reality is not seen it has been
closed in the package of the documentary
and the reality show False love well This is
what Oscar thinks what do you think we have to
see the video
we will see it in full and we
will surely react to it tonight no longer
tomorrow Thursday Alejandra Rubio has
spoken out regarding her cousin José
María Almoguera and this is all she
has to tell us but a good date
to well chat at some point with
your cousin it's not that I don't want to talk about
that subject it was me for me everything is fine and that's it
Okay still known the baby
Well it is what it is ok when you
meet him without problem you would say it or maybe
if your cousin asks you let's see if he
asks me not to say it of course but I
have no problem I don't think it's
bad at all such nice news give a
suck that things do you think
that moment will come maybe yes of course yes
especially on your part yes for my part
no problem basically you already know that
things between the fields and the
sheep well  They are not at 100%
at their best and it seems that
Alejandra still would not have met, would not have been able to meet,
given the situation,
her cousin's baby. News in the case
of Dani Alves, you already know that today
he will be able to present a new statement with new facts, maintain his position or change it, for the moment a trial date will be set, the player will be on bail of 150,000 euros and would have prepared a new defense strategy that Maica commented on today in the summer program, the moment in which the judge, the head
of court number 15, who is the one who has
carried out this investigation that has barely
lasted six months, communicates to him this
indictment and you ask him if he
agrees, well he will say that he does not
agree. Martel did not know if he will finally
make a statement on Thursday, he
was not considering it, he had to discuss it
in the next few hours, also with his
client, with Dani Alves, who it is
likely I will visit in the next few
hours, the truth is that we have been discussing the investigation for
several weeks,
Beatriz, it is now finished,
in neither party had
the judge requested any other
expert evidence  There was only that report
from the psychologists of the
forensic psychiatrists Remember that it was delayed
after Dani Alves' lawyer
requested the presence of a psychologist at that test
on behalf of a psychiatrist,
the judge finally denied the
hearing in Barcelona accepted that
request and the indictment itself
includes the conclusion of
that forensic document and it is very forceful
because it assures concludes that the victim is a
young woman of 23 years old who accuses Dani
Alves of having raped her, those
psychiatrists assure in that report to which
the judge herself refers, well, it is
concluded that there is a
post-traumatic stress disorder of
globally high intensity and that this stress
is causing a
functional impact and a deterioration in several areas
of functioning and
the most important thing is that they can be significantly related to the events reported with that rape anyway what is clear to me I think you will agree with me is that Dani Alves in this case has it pretty
screwed and that is what happens is what is
leaked that Elena tablada in the
judicial procedure that she has with
Javier Hungría in which he would be
trying to get custody of his
children would have hired a
private detective to spy on Javier's movements and
life all this with the
intention of leaving him in a bad light in
court and in front of the custody
Dani that we have a lot to cut with the
matter of the private detective of the natalá you
had a bit of an exclusive not a
few days ago on television in hours or soles
And yesterday in another program Well, on
Telecinco that's life I got a little
confirmation from
Elena herself of this hiring that it would not be
during the marriage but after
when she starts the
divorce proceedings and you have to start proving
things not in view of the trial
Elena to prove determine
I don't know what she wants life not
recommended you mean without saying
the trial
and Javier Hungría is seen Well in several
restaurants but with the waitress with
friends with friends and there's nothing
wrong with it let's go what a normal guy would do what we
all do let's go or rather I do
n't know what she's carrying what
Elena wants to prove what surprises me
is the position that Elena Tablada has taken
daughter the mother Elena
Tablada's mother let's go
to the grandmother  Elenita is the mother Elena is
the daughter Well you Dani Yes yes let's go Elenita,
I had a conversation with you on WhatsApp
the other day and what she tells me and what
surprises me is her position because I love
Javier very much I will
explain
another part of the message that I was able to
read she also said a little as if to
say I don't really understand why both of them
get into these gardens
because in the end with time
everything ends up passing the water does not return to
its cause what do you think you family
would do the same with the intention of
having custody and winning a
legal proceeding or do you think
Elena Tablada is bringing it and well Your
Honor, here we leave
today's video I hope you have if you
have reached this point I imagine so.
Anyway, let me know in
the comments box your opinion
on all the topics you know that if you
want to support the channel And if you want to
contribute with us you can become
members in the join button which is
next to the subscribe button or you
can send a super thank you which is
called which will be down there next to the
like button in which  You can
make a donation and highlight your
comment. It's like the Super chats in
the live shows, but here in the videos and
the contexts, absolutely everything.
Remember that I'm here every day at
more or less the same time with
this program. Tonight we have a
live show. Not tonight we have a
live show with Marina in which
we will go over all the news. We
will try and manage to bring you more
information about this procedure and
about everything that's happening to us. Don't
forget the appointment we have at 10:30.
I send you a kiss. Bye bye and see you later.
[Music]